this lazy dude time
I don't
everybody thinking Lindsey their net so
hey what's up
decided to do so what am i India well I
decided to review the graphic novel joke
now Joker is ready by Brian Azzarello
and the art was by Li beer me Joe I
don't know I can't understand the name
that well but hey it was basics through
is nobody knows why or how the Joker was
being released from art Mesabi then the
escape it was just released now our main
um even though the main character is the
Joker the story of mostly Sigma seen
through the eyes of Johnny Frost it was
basically this henchman or this no-name
henchman that wants to make it big in
the world and he wants to be like the
Joker he wants to be a big man big top
of the crime lord right so when Joker
comes back the no one has shown him any
respect while he's gone he's been uh he
was basically all of his partners in
crime took the money for himself and so
Joker comes out his complete broke and
he has no control over Gotham so what
does Joker wants to do well for one
thing he wants to take back Gotham for
himself and for another thing he just
wants to kill me so um I love the art of
this this it almost it looks like it's
painted and but it also it looks like
it's drawn it's a so weird combination
you don't usually see art like this
Joker's face looks it looks really
discarded and little horrifying Harley
Quinn I'm not really sure I like how
they did because I like my oddball
screwball Harley Quinn the one that just
does mr. J and all that but now this
shoe is just she doesn't even say one
word they really made Joker crazy in
this I mean like nuts
of course Joker is crazy but what I mean
is like he does crazy things it is one
scene where
he puts a bullet in the gun spins it
around and puts it in his mouth and
clicks it I mean no one would do the end
like their scenes with him taking drugs
and partying there's one scene actually
where he um he cuts he skins a guy he
takes all the skin off of the guy
showing nothing but and there's nothing
on him but his muscle it's really
disturbing and horrible I don't mean
horrible as a valley written but it's
like Sweeney Todd if you don't like
violence of blood you're not gonna like
Sweeney Todd but it's still very
well-written
um throughout the story the way that
joke they have Joker is basically it's
really good it's psychological things
that they give Joker huh
on one hand he he um he hates Batman but
on the other side you see him like is
the timer it goes into a building killed
a whole bunch of people then he walks
out music isn't that enough for you come
get me or he doesn't say come get me a
visa not enough right I mean like what I
have to do more he feels like the more
he does the more he's like he's almost
like doing it to his little sick way to
please Batman Oh even though he's really
just doing it to piss him off of it and
when Batman comes you can see true cuz I
know it's all coming down to he's like
Gollum you know was its Batman no we
love spec know about okay but you know
he likes you know he wants Batman to
interfere and he also doesn't it's a
weird psychological way to show these
two faces in here already um there was
one scene in it I'm really too sure
about were two faces talking to Johnny
Frost and he says if you work for the
Joker you're gonna die he's gonna kill
you you know I'm thinking two-face
you're not really the happy-go-lucky
villain yourself you kill henchmen all
the time - so what are you doing
I mean but a is a good part or two-face
and Joker you know to show that Joker is
Batman's top villain and to face his
second best that is barely even in this
um until the very end and he says one
word one line and this is just all about
the Joker and Johnny Frost and uh it it
is total really well it's really well
written I recommend taking this up but
also I must say that this is not for the
faint of heart
I mean I would not let anyone like 13 or
under read this maybe I'd be leery about
let the fourteen-year-old read it but
you know it's it's very very graphic
it's very it's very evil in others is it
seeing that where Joker kills these old
people it was just he just breaks into
this hotel breaks into this room that is
he's too old people laying in the bed
and Johnny consulate who are these
people he says who cares and next scene
is this local Joker lying on this bloody
bed
very graphic and a very very evil I
think they show Joker is like really
evil and but um it's a great story for
Joker these state this these guys also
did a book from like Slenderman appeal
and I think they do a really good job of
showing who is showing things through
the eyes of the villain for Lex he
thinks that he is the good guy right the
Joker he knows that he's evil and he
just wants to do whatever the heck he
wants and so I recommend picking this up
I do it would be a great read for you
guys for those who like the sinister the
artworks really nice and it's just a
great addition to Joker's history in
comics so remember I'm going to do 99 if
I don't like it it's not worth it
be sure to check out more of my other
videos on my channel and wait for more
you